Spec for MSC4380: Invite blocking (#2305)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/invite_permission.md

### Invite permission

{{% added-in v="1.18" %}}

Users may want to control who is allowed to invite them to new rooms. This module defines how
clients and servers can implement invite permission.

#### Events

{{% event event="m.invite_permission_config" %}}

#### Client behaviour

> To reject invites from all users automatically, clients MUST add an [`m.invite_permission_config`](#minvite_permission_config)

Reviewer: MUST feels a bit much here. clients don't have to do this at all, if they don't want to.

```suggestion
To reject invites from all users automatically, clients MAY add an [`m.invite_permission_config`](#minvite_permission_config)
```

the `M_INVITE_BLOCKED` error code.

#### Server behaviour

When invites to a given user are blocked, the user's homeserver MUST respond to the following
endpoints with an HTTP 403 status code, with the Matrix error code `M_INVITE_BLOCKED`, if the user
is invited:

* [`PUT /_matrix/federation/v1/invite/{roomId}/{eventId}`](/server-server-api/#put_matrixfederationv1inviteroomideventid)
* [`PUT /_matrix/federation/v2/invite/{roomId}/{eventId}`](/server-server-api/#put_matrixfederationv2inviteroomideventid)
* [`POST /_matrix/client/v3/rooms/{roomId}/invite`](#post_matrixclientv3roomsroomidinvite)
* [`POST /_matrix/client/v3/createRoom`](#post_matrixclientv3createroom), due to a user in the
  `invite` list. It is possible for one of the invited users to be rejected whilst the room creation
  as a whole succeeds.
* [`PUT /_matrix/client/v3/rooms/{roomId}/state/m.room.member/{stateKey}`](#put_matrixclientv3roomsroomidstateeventtypestatekey),
  when the `membership` is set to `invite`.

In addition, existing events already in the database MUST NOT be served over client synchronisation
endpoints such as [`GET /sync`](#get_matrixclientv3sync). Invite events received over federation

> should likewise not be served over `GET /sync` requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, invite events for this user already in the database, or received over federation, MUST NOT
be served over client synchronisation endpoints such as [`GET /sync`](#get_matrixclientv3sync).
```
